feat(object): add `project_id` resource attribute (#1703)
scaleway/terraform-provider-scaleway: docs/data-sources/object_bucket.md

- `name` - (Required) The bucket name.
- `object_lock_enabled` - (Optional) Enable object lock on the bucket. Defaults to `false`. Updating this field will force creating a new bucket.
- `region` - (Defaults to [provider](../index.md#region) `region`) The [region](../guides/regions_and_zones.md#zones) in which the Object Storage exists.

> - `project_id` - (Defaults to [provider](../index.md#project_id) `project_id`) The ID of the project the SSH key is associated with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `project_id` - (Defaults to [provider](../index.md#project_id) `project_id`) The ID of the project the bucket is associated with.
```
